README.md, before:

# Visual Studio Code snippets for AsciiDoc 

VS Code snippets are templates that make it easier to enter repeating code patterns, such as loops or conditional-statements.

VS Code Snippets are written in JSON. Each snippet is defined under a snippet `name` and has a `scope`, `prefix`, `body`, and `description`. If `scope` is left empty or omitted, the snippet gets applied to all languages. The `prefix` is what is used to trigger the snippet and the body will be expanded and inserted.

The `vscoderh.code-snippets` file includes snippets for the AsciiDoc language that is used at Red Hat for authoring content. 

I have only specified the `name`, `prefix`, and `body` parameters. Since the `name` seemed intuitive to me, I dropped the `description`.

Here is an example of a VS Code snippet for a *NOTE*:

```
"note": {
      "body": "[NOTE]\n====\n$1\n====\n$0",
      "prefix": "note"
    },
```

1. After you install VS Code on your Linux distro, you will find a `Code` directory under `/home/<kerberos_ID>/.config`.
2. Place the snippets file under `/home/<kerberos_ID>/.config/Code/User/snippets`.

To test and verify if the snippets are working as expected, open a new file (without specifying the language) in VS Code and type a snippet name and press **Tab**; for example, "note".

![](note_snippet_vscode.gif)

## List of snippets included in the snippets file:
| Name	      		 	     | Prefix        	|
| :---        		 	     |     	---:     	|
| 2-column table     	     | table2        	|
| 3-column table   	 	     | table3        	|
| Copyright symbol   	     | copyright     	|
| Em dash   		 	     | em-dash       	|
| En dash   		 	     | en-dash       	|
| Horizontal ellipsis	     | ellipsis      	|
| Paragraph symbol 	 	     | para          	|
| Plus or minus     		 | plus or minus 	|
| Registered trademark symbol| trademark-r   	|
| Section symbol   			 | section       	|
| Trademark symbol   		 | trademark     	|
| anchor id tag   			 | anchor-id     	|
| bash codeblock   			 | bash-codeblock	|
| bold   					 | bold          	|
| callout   				 | callout       	|
| caution   				 | caution      	|
| command      				 | command      	|
| email   				 	 | email         	|
| filename   				 | filename      	|
| ifdef   				     | ifdef        	|
| ifeval   				 	 | ifeval        	|
| ifndef   				 	 | ifndef        	|
| image   				 	 | image         	|
| important   				 | imp           	|
| include   				 | incl         	|
| italic   				  	 | italic        	|
| link   				 	 | link          	|
| literal   				 | literal       	|
| literal codeblock   		 | literal-codeblock|
| note   				 	 | note        		|
| package   				 | package        	|
| step cli   				 | step-cli        	|
| subscript   				 | sub        		|
| superscript   			 | sup        		|
| tip   				 	 | tip        		|
| warning   				 | warn        		|
| xml codeblock   			 | xml-codeblock    |
| xref   				     | xref        		|
| yaml codeblock   			 | yaml-codeblock   |
| assembly   			 | assembly   |
| concept   			 | concept   |
| procedure   			 | procedure   |
| reference   			 | reference   |
| technology preview   			 | tech-preview   |

For more information about creating your own VS Code snippets, see [Create your own snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets#_create-your-own-snippets).

Commit message:

Updated the README.md to include info about snippets for the Mod Docs templates

README.md, after:

# Visual Studio Code snippets for AsciiDoc 

VS Code snippets are templates that make it easier to enter repeating code patterns, such as loops or conditional-statements.

VS Code Snippets are written in JSON. Each snippet is defined under a snippet `name` and has a `scope`, `prefix`, `body`, and `description`. If `scope` is left empty or omitted, the snippet gets applied to all languages. The `prefix` is what is used to trigger the snippet and the body will be expanded and inserted.

The `asciidoc-vscode.code-snippets` file includes snippets for the AsciiDoc language that is used at Red Hat for authoring content.

Additionally, it also includes snippets for Modular documentation templates (for concept, procedure, reference, and assembly) and a technology preview snippet (to indicate that a feature is in Technology Preview).

I have only specified the `name`, `prefix`, and `body` parameters. Since the `name` seemed intuitive to me, I dropped the `description`.

Here is an example of a VS Code snippet for a *NOTE*:

```
"note": {
      "body": "[NOTE]\n====\n$1\n====\n$0",
      "prefix": "note"
    },
```

1. After you install VS Code on your Linux distro, you will find a `Code` directory under `/home/<kerberos_ID>/.config`.
2. Place the snippets file under `/home/<kerberos_ID>/.config/Code/User/snippets`.

To test and verify if the snippets are working as expected, open a new file (without specifying the language) in VS Code and type a snippet name and press **Tab**; for example, "note".

![](note_snippet_vscode.gif)

## List of snippets included in the snippets file:
| Name	      		 	     | Prefix        	|
| :---        		 	     |     	---:     	|
| 2-column table     	     | table2        	|
| 3-column table   	 	     | table3        	|
| Copyright symbol   	     | copyright     	|
| Em dash   		 	     | em-dash       	|
| En dash   		 	     | en-dash       	|
| Horizontal ellipsis	     | ellipsis      	|
| Paragraph symbol 	 	     | para          	|
| Plus or minus     		 | plus or minus 	|
| Registered trademark symbol| trademark-r   	|
| Section symbol   			 | section       	|
| Trademark symbol   		 | trademark     	|
| anchor id tag   			 | anchor-id     	|
| bash codeblock   			 | bash-codeblock	|
| bold   					 | bold          	|
| callout   				 | callout       	|
| caution   				 | caution      	|
| command      				 | command      	|
| email   				 	 | email         	|
| filename   				 | filename      	|
| ifdef   				     | ifdef        	|
| ifeval   				 	 | ifeval        	|
| ifndef   				 	 | ifndef        	|
| image   				 	 | image         	|
| important   				 | imp           	|
| include   				 | incl         	|
| italic   				  	 | italic        	|
| link   				 	 | link          	|
| literal   				 | literal       	|
| literal codeblock   		 | literal-codeblock|
| note   				 	 | note        		|
| package   				 | package        	|
| step cli   				 | step-cli        	|
| subscript   				 | sub        		|
| superscript   			 | sup        		|
| tip   				 	 | tip        		|
| warning   				 | warn        		|
| xml codeblock   			 | xml-codeblock    |
| xref   				     | xref        		|
| yaml codeblock   			 | yaml-codeblock   |
| assembly   			 | assembly   |
| concept   			 | concept   |
| procedure   			 | procedure   |
| reference   			 | reference   |
| technology preview   			 | tech-preview   |

For more information about creating your own VS Code snippets, see [Create your own snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets#_create-your-own-snippets).
